Announce Secure Boot changes (#328)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/guides/guest-UEFI-Secure-Boot.md

Enabling UEFI Secure Boot for guests ensures that XCP-ng VMs will only execute trusted binaries at boot. In practice, these are the binaries released by the operating system (OS) vendor for the OS running in the VM (Microsoft Windows, Debian, RHEL, Alpine, etc.).

## Upcoming changes in Secure Boot

The default Secure Boot keys in XCP-ng are changing.

Previously, XCP-ng only shipped with the PK included by default; Secure Boot variables had to be installed using `secureboot-certs`.

> New versions of XCP-ng `varstored` (from version 1.2.0-2.4 and newer) now comes with a complete set of Secure Boot variables (PK/KEK/db/dbx) by default, meaning that guest Secure Boot will now work without needing further pool configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New versions of XCP-ng's `varstored` (from version 1.2.0-2.4 and newer) now come with a complete set of Secure Boot variables (PK/KEK/db/dbx) by default, meaning that guest Secure Boot will now work for new VMs without needing further pool configuration.
```

Author: Fixed

Our defaults now include the 2023 Microsoft `KEK` and `db` certificates, ensuring Windows compatibility beyond 2026 (which is when the previous 2011 certificates expire).

### What this change means for you

You will not be affected in most cases.

* Existing VMs will not be affected unless you use the ["Propagate certificates"](#propagate-pool-certificates-to-a-vm) feature in Xen Orchestra (which has always had the effect of resetting VM Secure Boot variables to that of the pool).
* If you followed our previous guides and used `secureboot-certs install` to install the default Secure Boot variables into your pool, these variables will not be changed.

The only VMs affected by these changes are **newly created VMs** with Secure Boot enabled, running on pools where `secureboot-certs install` have not been executed.

> Previously, these VMs will execute all UEFI binaries even with Secure Boot enabled (due to an empty dbx variable); however, going forward, revoked UEFI binaries (e.g. from an outdated media) will no longer boot on such VMs with Secure Boot enabled.

Reviewer: A small conjugation fix, but actually I think the whole sentence is wrong. We put in a lot of work during 8.3 development in order to avoid having VMs that boot despite secure boot is enabled for them. And a missing dbx is not enough to let Secure Boot checks pass, if db is present. 
```suggestion
Previously, these VMs would execute all UEFI binaries even with Secure Boot enabled (due to an empty dbx variable); however, going forward, revoked UEFI binaries (e.g. from an outdated media) will no longer boot on such VMs with Secure Boot enabled.
```

Author: I'm not sure if I understand. Why would missing dbx cause VMs to not boot?

Reviewer: "these VMs will execute all UEFI binaries even with Secure Boot enabled (due to an empty dbx variable)" this can be interpreted as "if dbx is empty, any UEFI binary, signed or not, would get executed, and thus allow to bypass Secure Boot checks".

That's just a phrasing issue. I think the whole section overall is not 

Here's a suggestion of topics to address to improve the whole "What this change means for you" section. Giving just the main points:

* For pools
  * Existing pools
    * The pool was already configured for Secure Boot: nothing changes for the pool. The certificates that you installed in the pool are still the ones used to provision new VMs. However, if you would like to sync with the default certificates we now provide (which include a more up to date exclusion database, `dbx`), you can remove the certificates you installed (TODO explain how) in order to let the pool use our defaults.
    * New pools: they are now ready for guest secure boot without any extra action from administrators, as we now provide the required certificates.
  
* For VMs
  * Existing VMs, that have booted at least once
    * Nothing changes for them. Each VM has its own UEFI variable store, unaffected by any changes on the default certificates in the pool.
    * This also applies to copies of existing VMs. If the original VM has booted once, then any subsequent copy has its own copy of the UEFI variable store.
  * New VMs just get their certificates from the pool. If the pool uses the new defaults, then the main notable differences are:
    * (updated KEK/db that do not expire soon so you're good for a long time?)
    * updated dbx, which will reject boot binaries and installation media that were signed with an excluded certificate (the part you covered)

That is, if I understood the whole change

Author: I've added more details. But I don't think it's necessary to repeat the behaviors that didn't change (existing VMs etc.)

To continue booting outdated media on these VMs, you can either:

- Disable Secure Boot;
- Or erase the VM's dbx variable with the command `varstore-rm <vm uuid> d719b2cb-3d3a-4596-a3bc-dad00e67656f dbx`

Once your VM has completed installing, it should be able to manage its own Secure Boot variables (db/dbx) via its update mechanism.

## Requirements

* XCP-ng >= 8.2.1.
* UEFI Secure Boot Certificates installed on the pool (this is detailed below).
* A UEFI guest VM.

:::warning
Until we can re-sign XCP-ng's PV drivers for Windows, you will need the PV drivers from XenServer before enabling Secure Boot for a Windows VM. See [Setup Secure Boot for Windows VMs](#setup-secure-boot-for-windows-vms).
:::

Note: it's not necessary that the XCP-ng host boots in UEFI mode for Secure Boot to be enabled on VMs.

## 8.3 with varstored >= 1.2.0-2.4

Secure Boot is ready to use without extra configuration. Simply activate Secure Boot on your VMs, and they will be provided with an appropriate set of default Secure Boot variables.

> 

Reviewer: Even with varstored including certs, certs will still need to be manually propagated to existing VMs that are not in setup mode, that is any VM which already booted once and was not explicitly put in setup mode.

So parts of the Quick start guide below, and of the rest of the guide, still apply.

### Install the Default UEFI Certificates

:::info

> This procedure is not necessary if you're using varstored 1.2.0-2.4 and newer. However, the

Author: Fixed
